<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_seat_belts">
    <title>Seat belts</title>
    <shortdesc>Seat belts should always be worn by all occupants in your vehicle. Children should be
        properly restrained using an infant seat, adjustable child seat or booster cushion as
        determined by age, weight and height.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Most states and provinces make it mandatory for occupants of a vehicle to use seat
            belts.</p>
        <p><b>Seat belt maintenance</b></p>
        <p>Check periodically that the seat belts are in good condition. Use water and a mild
            detergent for cleaning. Check the seat belt mechanism's function as follows: attach the
            seat belt and pull rapidly on the strap.<note id="note_f1f_3zx_v2c" type="warning">
                <ul id="ul_f22_jzx_v2c">
                    <li>Never repair the belt yourself. Repairs should only be performed by a
                        trained and qualified Volvo service technician.</li>
                    <li>Any device used to induce slack into the shoulder belt portion of the
                        three-point belt system will have a detrimental effect on the amount of
                        protection available in the event of a collision.</li>
                    <li>The seat back should not be tilted too far back. The shoulder belt must be
                        taut in order to function properly.</li>
                    <li>Do not use any type of child restraint in the front passenger seat. We
                        recommend that children who have outgrown these devices sit in the rear seat
                        with the seat belt properly fastened.</li>
                </ul>
            </note></p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
